Issue + PR Templates (#327)
ucb-bar/chipyard: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- choose all that apply -->
**Type of issue**: bug report | feature request | question | other enhancement

<!-- if the issue is NOT a question, fill out the following sections -->

<!-- choose one -->

> **Impact**: no rtl change | rtl refactoring | new rtl | unknown

Reviewer: Chipyard is not BOOM. Not everything is RTL.
I think there is a low likelihood of someone filing an issue and knowing the impact ahead of time

Reviewer 2: I think RTL changes should be called out somehow though.

<!-- choose one -->

> **Development Phase**: request | proposal

Reviewer: Not sure if this is necessary

**Other information**
<!-- include detailed explanation, stacktraces, related issues, suggestions how to fix, links for us to have context -->

<!-- if the current behavior is a bug, please provide the following steps to reproduce the problem -->

**What is the current behavior?**

**What is the expected behavior?**

**Please tell us about your environment:**
<!--    (examples)
    - version: `chipyard git commit hash`
    - os: `Linux knight 4.4.0-92-generic #115-Ubuntu SMP Thu Aug 10 09:04:33 UTC 2017 x86_64 x86_64 x86_64 GNU/Linux`
    - other: `prior steps taken/documentation followed/...`
-->

> **What is the use case for changing the behavior?**

Reviewer 3: I never liked this sentence; it doesn't really make sense to me. Maybe something like this would be clearer?
```suggestion
**What is a motivating example for changing the behavior?**
```
